Improve configuration docs (#2411)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/nodes_and_pipelines/run_a_pipeline.md

    pass
```
</details>

## Configure `kedro run` arguments

> An extensive list of CLI options for a `kedro run` is available in the [Kedro CLI documentation](../development/commands_reference.md#run-the-project). However, instead of specifying all the command line options in a `kedro run` via the CLI, you can specify a config file that contains the arguments, say `config.yml` and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Kedro CLI documentation](../development/commands_reference.md#run-the-project) lists the available CLI options for `kedro run`. You can alternatively supply a configuration file that contains the arguments to `kedro run`. 

Here is an example file named `config.yml`, but you can choose any name for the file:

```
